Move YSENTRY into the base and rename it (#1066)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/insns/dret.adoc

Description::
<<DRET_CHERI>> returns from debug mode.

> It unseals <<dpc_y>> if it is sealed and writes the result into <<pcc>>.

Reviewer: Why?  Unsealing a non-sentry into PCC is surprising behavior and at least some of those are going to lack `X` permission and so just fault differently anyway, but now in a way that weakens the CHERI capability security model.

Author: This is one place where the behavior needs to be specified once multiple sealed types are defined.
The basic spec only has one sealed type - and it needs to be as simple as possible to get through review.
More types can be added later.

Reviewer 2: I think we could resolve the "reviewer-perceived redundancy" by just saying 
```suggestion
It unseals <<dpc_y>> if it is a <<sentry_cap>> and writes the result into <<pcc>>.
```

That is future-proof and avoid "duplication".
